hello everybody welcome to my channel today i will
explain the recently released horror comedy film
named werewolves within a vr game also came in the
year 2018 with the same name where people put on a
headset read the script of beaverfield's character
lie to each other one among them is a werewolf
the rest have to identify that person at the
beginning of the movie we see a man named dave who
was standing outside his lodge then there is some
movement in the bushes and some things attack him
29 days later we see a forest officer named finn
wheeler who comes to beaver field to take charge
this was his punishment posting finn arrives and
stays at the only lodge in town now owned by gene
there he met the town's new male person cecily
before cecily dave was the mailman cecily was also
living in the same lodge for a month this town
was very small where only a few people lived an
oil pipeline project was going through this town
which was supported by many people in the town
many people were opposing it a man named sam
parker had come here to persuade those who
were opposing it he also stayed in the same
lodge an environmentalist dr jane ellis also
stayed at the lodge who had come to study the
environmental impact of the pipeline project next
day cecily takes finn on a town tour where she
also talks about the fake rumor of jean's husband
the people of the town thought that he had run
away with some lady first we see devon and jacquim
who were a lovely gay couple later marcus and
gwen then we see a couple named tricia and peter
trisha had a dog chatchie which she loved more
than peter flirts with cecily here as he was a
pervert sam built a fire totem in the middle
of town as a midway symbol of his project
later we see finn going to a cottage outside the
town there lived a hunter named flint who used
to hunt illegally he didn't care about the rules
of the forest office or the people of this town
he threatens finn later that night we see
cecily and finn spending some quality night
at a local bar the same night some
unknown thing attacked trish's dog
her dog was dead next day she goes to the lodge
and starts a ruckus in front of everyone all the
people of the town had come there as the power
of the town had gone out the highway was also
closed due to snowfall last night the mechanics
from the power company were no longer available
finn goes to check the backup generators where
he finds someone's claw marks someone destroyed
the backup generators finn here found a dead
body there which later turned out to be of dave
jean starts crying after seeing her husband's
dead body as she had faith in him from day one
she knew he was loyal dr ellis checks dave's body
she finds some animal hairs there everyone thinks
it's an animal attack on hearing the name of
the man-eating animal finn suggests the idea of
taking help from flint as he was an expert hunter
which does not go down well with the town's people
flint was never social he lived isolated the
town's people were always skeptical about
him they thought him as a psycho anyway
finn and cecily still go to flint's house
flint flatly refuses to help saying that
he does not care he is happy that he's here
flynn tries to give him a long lecture
on neighborhood duty community duty etc
citing mr rogers neighborhood tv
show as an example but nothing works
flint laughs it off while these two were talking
cecily found tricia's dog chatchi's collar
it was lying there in plain sight naturally this
spooked cecily and finn they run from flint's
house like usain bolt at the lodge dr ellis
shares her preliminary dna results with gene
she tested both the hair samples collected
from the dog's body and dave's body
both were a match she says dna is similar
to a dog or a wolf but not a perfect match
this is definitely an animal attack something has
eaten them alive since there was no power in town
and a man eating animal was roaming everyone made
the decision to stay in this lodge for the night
finn makes sure that there is at least one gun in
each room most already had their gun with them at
late night something attacks trish's husband peter
it drags him from his bed and eats his hand alive
peter shouts in pain we see gwen firing in
the dark at something where one bullet hits
peter too when all searched the place with
their torch light there was no one other
than peter the attacker simply vanished in
thin air peter's hand was also covered in
similar hairs which we saw on dave's body dr
ellis checks these hairs as well sam gives her
a bottle of drink as she was in a visible panic
mode dr ellis was against sam's pipeline project
the town people were frightened they were not
sure how the attack could happen under the lodge
finn calms everyone down and tells them
to wait for the final result from dr ellis
dr ellis was analyzing this new sample by
locking herself at her room the results were
again similar and inconclusive the werewolf's
legend was famous in this town for centuries
this was an urban legend in which humans
turned into a werewolf on a full moon and
yesterday was the full moon this large image
gallery was filled with werewolves paintings
dr ellis now seems to believe in this legend
of the werewolf as she takes her gun out
in panic she starts drinking heavily when finn
and others come to meet her she shoots at them
tells them it is a werewolf anyone of you can
be a werewolf she was so wasted and horrified
that she was not making rational decisions sam
takes an alternative key from jean and enters
dr ellis's room from behind apparently it had
an emergency back door as this was a vip suite
then we hear three gunshots on sam's arrival dr
ellis commits suicide sam opens the room door as
everyone was in clear shock now everyone was
convinced that one among them was a werewolf
they put a lamp at the center and start
accusing each other of being a werewolf
gwen puts forward a different urban legend
theory of her own here saying it could also
be the work of indigo an ever-hungry beast which
roams around the woods in search of human flesh
joaquin was from argentina he says that
in his country it is believed that the
seventh born child will become a werewolf
hence people used to kill their seventh
child cecily thinks this is completely
nonsense as she was the seventh child
that's when trisha angrily shouts at everyone
she says all the story of werewolf is rubbish
one of you is a bully and murdered one of you
killed my dog one of you ate my husband's hand
one of you is doing this so that sam will stop
his pipeline project here gene counters her
she accuses sam of killing dr ellis dr ellis was
against his pipeline project nobody knew whether
dr ellis really committed suicide or whether
just sam killed her since the room was locked
sam here rubbishes these allegations like this
everyone accuses everyone of being a werewolf
all point guns at each other frustrated finn
shouts at everyone and calms them down he gives
a big lecture on community again which nobody
gives a damn everyone starts to leave this lodge
only finn cecily and jean were left in the lodge
sam pulls out his hunting gear for self-defense
trisha and peter were now at their home cecily
also had some doubts about sam so she asked finn
to search his room finn and cecily search sam's
room where cecily finds a newspaper clipping
in which the killings of grout pond and townsend
were mentioned apparently finn was earlier posted
in the same city where these killings took
place finn also finds a knife from sam's
drawer it was covered in a cloth from which the
diesel smell was coming diesel was used to run
generators jacqueline and devon were on their
way home when they heard some noise in the dark
both run in panic and get separated later we
see trisha in front of devon whom she kills
devin was opposing the pipeline project tricia
would have made a killing if it went through
sam was wearing his hunting gear and was
searching for finn sam thought finn was
a werewolf as killing were shadowing him next
we see jacqueline meeting finn and cecily who
were hiding under the stairs of the lodge jacquin
says he and devin got separated near trish's house
he asks for finn's help these three now arrived
at trisha's house where marcus was already there
he was stealing kitchen knives to use them as
gloves marcus attacks finn as he was not sure who
was a werewolf later he starts running away from
him as his wife gwenz then hits him and kills him
he dies there at that precise moment tricia
arrives and kills gwen meaning everyone had
gone crazy in fear tricia takes finn cecily
and jacqueline under the house at gunpoint
basically trisha was mad at her dog's death she
was taking revenge by killing all those who were
against the pipeline project she informs
jacqueline about devon's death due to this
jacqueline angrily kills trisha with the iron
rod causing her head to fall into the fireplace
later these three ran from trish's house
where sam was standing near the street corner
here jacqueline grabs cecily's
neck and points a gun at her
he says she is the real werewolf as she is the
seventh born child meaning everyone was losing
their mind finn tries to negotiate with jacqueline
but he was in no mood to listen meanwhile sam
shoots an arrow at finn from behind which brunches
his arm and enters straight into jacqueline's body
jacquim falls down further sam grabs cecily
by the neck and starts blackmailing her
he says that finn is the real werewolf is wherever
he was posted there were killings happening sam
also searched finn's room and found a diesel
clothed knife to which vin says this is a lie as
he got the knife from sam's room these two start
bickering at each other taking advantage of this
cecily attacks sam hits him at his knees and
runs away fintu attacks sam he starts beating him
these two were fighting near sam's
fire totem while dying jaqen once
again expresses his anger towards sam he fires
at the fire totem which causes a huge explosion
sam was killed in the blast next cecily takes
finn to the town's only bar to treat him
just then finn saw cecily's mail room where
several undelivered mailboxes were lined up
he checks it there was an id of dave and other
documents finn finds that cecily was actually
a werewolf upon knowing that finn now knows
her secret cecily laughs at him innocently
she says the people of this town were morons
they were fighting among themselves it was i
who placed the dog's collar at flint's house
it was i who kept the knife in sam's room i killed
dave as i wanted his uniform of a male man there
can be only one mailman in this town nobody doubts
a mailman i tried hunting in other cities but the
workload there was hectic i ate peter's hand as
he was a pervert cecily now transforms herself
into a werewolf she tries to attack finn but
the hunter flint attacks her from behind finally
a fight breaks down between these three later we
see gene who fires an arrow at cecily and kills it
and this film ends here so friends this was the
story of the werewolf within film it is a horror
comedy film inspired by the vr game of the same
name i really enjoyed this film i hope you do too
if you are new to the channel then please
subscribe and like thanks for watching take care